# 【Apple mass sending】Easily realize the open source needs of iMessage group sending technology

## 【Apple mass sending】Easily realize the open source needs of iMessage group sending technology

There are two methods for mass sending, one is the stupid method through iMessage client, the other is through AppleScript (included with Mac OS) script to control iMessage client to send.

The second type is briefly described below:

First of all, make sure that the iMessage account sent must be valid, otherwise the error "buddy id "C0B35E7F-A0FB-49E1-BDD7-C867BC06D920:+86136xxxx0000"" will be reported.

Secondly, use EXCEL to save the account that needs to be sent as a csv file, and then control the iMessage client to send it through AppleScript. The content of the script is as follows:

tell application "Messages"

setcsvDatato read “/Users/key/Desktop/telephoneNumer.csv”

setcsvEntriesto paragraphsofcsvData

repeat without 1 to countcsvEntries

setphoneto (csvEntries’sitemi)’stext

setmyidto get id of firstservice

settheBuddyto buddy phone ofserviceidmyid

send "It will be sunny in Zhuhai today, with temperatures ranging from 13 to 27 degrees; it will be sunny on Tuesday, with temperatures ranging from 11 to 26 degrees, and northerly winds of level 3-4; and it will be sunny on Wednesday, with temperatures ranging from 11 to 24 degrees, with breezes <level 3" to theBuddy

end repeat

end tell

Since sending iMessage is sent on the client, not in the background, when the amount of information is large, the iMessage client will run slowly or even be unable to be opened. You can clear the sent iMessage or log out of the account and log in again.

Introduction to the overall implementation idea
Many of them are fragments and can only be sent, but there is no overall project-level solution. But the following solutions can be achieved!

Because it is in batches, the number of pushes per account is limited, so a lot of devices and appleids are required. I implemented this by installing a virtual machine.

1. Install a vm virtual machine, and install multiple macos systems in the virtual machine. In fact, you can directly clone one after installing another, so it will not take up too much memory, and then log in to appleid in each virtual machine (note the version of macos If you need to use a lower version), as for how to install it, I will not introduce it in detail. You can find a lot of them online.

2. Then run the AppleScript script in macos, debug it until it passes, and then install nginx

3. The distribution at this time is probably the local computer, macos virtual machine one, macos virtual machine two, macos virtual machine three...

4. Implementation process: Build a web environment locally, write the interface, and then call the virtual machine's information sending script through the intranet IP. The script is successfully sent and written to the database, and then the database is read locally to display the results.



There may be many problems during construction and debugging, which need to be debugged step by step. If you encounter any problems, you can share them together.




## IM

[【Apple push iMessage group sending Apple photo album push how to use Apple APNS communication? Developers who need servers provided by iOS developers】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【For detailed information on how to install and create a CSR file for the iMessage Apple Home Push source code software, please follow the step-by-step instructions to create a CSR file】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【Apple iMessage Photo Album Promotion Apple Suscitation Apple Suscics Advantages Based on IMessage New Information Promotion】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【Apple home iMessage group tweet software nova’s Apple tweet ios. imessage, a high-end computer host for sending Apple text messages】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【Apple pushes group iMessage to push the configuration of the developer certificate, configure the APPID and push the certificate; select the AppID in the left column】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【Apple Photo Album promotes iMessageProvisioningProfiles and develops promotion certificates for promoting P12 files】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【iMessage Apple group tweets SMUUID BoardSerialNumber and MLB and ROM parameters】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【Apple home push iMessage software keychainBoard Serial Number Board Serial Number is the device serial number generated by your Clover】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【Apple photo album push files will be bound to the iMessage group AppID, developer certificate, software and hardware equipment, and can be added after configuring the developer center】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【iMessage Apple pushes to mass-send SSL certificates and private keys to configure concurrent connections to APNS and allocate push tasks】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【The latest Apple Home Group Push software installed is for sending Apple text messages to a file called "MyPushChat.】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【Apple Pushes iMessage Bulk IMessage Client Runs Slowly Even If You Can't Change It, You Can Manipulate Empty iMessage】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【The Apple Home Sharing software bulk iMessage hosting app is the iMessageStore app (in the AppStore)】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)