# 【imessage mass-sends Apple tweets】

## 【imessage mass-sends Apple tweets】(ApplePushNotificationService)使用信息推送服务
# Recommended content IMESSGAE related

Apple Push Notification Service (ApplePushNotificationService), according to the official news service, is provided by Apple. The delivery includes the top of the news article, the sound and the badgenumber proportional guide(), the application can receive news related programs in any condition (including running state, notrunning, foreground and background), because in most cases, there can be only one iOS application activities, so apn interaction provides great convenience to applications.

1 & 2: This is the first time you install the application. At the beginning, you need to open a pop-up dialog box to prompt the application whether to allow it. If it is allowed, the application will be a hardware token).

There are three things to note:

First, the token is related to the device, and the access token for the same device in different applications is the same;

Second, when the application is uninstalled and then installed again, it will not happen again in our confirmation dialog box and the previous installation information will be automatically inherited;

Third, it can be set in Settings-Notification Change. You can choose to open a message box, a badgenumber, a sound, and one or more.

3: The application will be sent to the server, which is the source of guidance and news.

4: The application server sends the message to Apple through the token and certificate message server.

5: Apple will receive a message and send it to the corresponding application on the corresponding device.

6: If the application is inactive (not start or background), with default settings, a message box will pop up at the top of the screen with a sound prompt. Click to change the application and you will enter a message box, such as badgenumber. Do not click on the application icon. will appear.

2:Usage steps
The use of apn is not complicated, but error-prone links, especially certificate applications, require special attention.

I follow the actual steps in the tutorial below:

Prepare:

Answer: For an Xcode project, we named it MyPushChat, corresponding to the AppID.

B: A table can be used to debug iOS devices (apn can only work on physical device simulators and cannot run)

Click "Continue", set the "MyPushChat" file name, and click Store. In this way, a file called "MyPushChat. This document CertSigningRequest" should be kept properly.

The newly created private key CSR file is everywhere, and the specific operation is as shown in the figure below:

The exported file is named MyPushChatKey p12, enter the password, please remember this password, we will set it to 123456 American Broadcasting Company (ABC).

At this point, we have a file MyPushChat certSigningRequest, and MyPushChatKey.P1

Step 2:
To discover the AppIDs and the corresponding MyPushChat AppID, click the "Configure" button on the right, and check the checkbox as shown:

Click the DevelopmentPushSSLCertificate configuration button on the right side of the application. The development version of the application is in testing, is only valid for one year, can only use Apple's lead test server, and the application needs to apply for a release release certificate. The development and distribution of certificate tokens is not the same. A pop-up box appears as follows:
MACverifiedOK

EnterPEMpassphrase:

You must enter a new password, here we set ABC at 123456

Verifying-EnterPEMpassphrase:

Next, MyPushChatKey. Pem and MyPushChatCert. Pem synthesis Pem file:

Command: catPushChatCert.pemPushChatKey. pem > ck.pem

Finally, the test of ck. pem file

First run:

Command: telnetgateway.sandbox.push.apple.com2195

If the network is normal, it will appear as shown below. Press CTRL + C to terminate the connection.



## IM

[【Apple iMessage pushes software to install Medium Access Control (MAC) "protocol and incident results related to adaptive clustering"】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【iMessage Apple Family Push In the first part, the first step is of course to introduce Banana Apple’s push system method (APNS)】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【Apple family push source code Master sends NAN sync beacon and NAN discovery beacon Sync only reports NAN sync beacon Normal in DW】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【iMessage Apple group tweet album push X code template. Fortifications created using this method also have the Messgaeextension folder】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【Apple Group iMessage Push Location Push FPS" or "FairPlayStreaming" refers to the FairPlayStreamingServer key transfer mechanism described in FPSSDK】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【Apple iMessage photo album push ApplePayPayload” refers to the use of AppleSoftware and ApplePayapi】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【Apple Home Push (Agreement) Additional Terms for Safari Extension apple_Developer_Program_License_Agreement_2】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【I usually call PP documents when pushing iMessage from Apple Photo Album, which will be bound to AppID, developer certificate, and software equipment】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【All apps that use the iOS13 SDK for Apple’s family group tweets will have to provide LaunchScreen, and LaunchImage will soon withdraw from the stage of history】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【Apple pushes group iMessage push to check heapster’s pod starting environment sope-MacBook】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【iMessage Apple push group push soft certificate developer processing processor development Successfully loaded plugin Apple certificate】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【Apple photo album push sharing push is completed using PushMebaby push service, (BOOL)splitView: (NSSplitView *) serial number must comply with its original space】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【Apple Home Sharing Bulk Sending Software implements iMessage bulk sending APS_Production.CER from Apple Developer】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【Apple iMessage push imessage software installs Websocket or friend alliance to establish connection and receive messages】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【The apns device token corresponding to the Development and Production versions of the Apple Family Push (AlloCA) function allocation is different】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【Apple mass-sending imessage location push album push BOOL translucent NS studies the public api in the Message framework in the iOS system, and conducts research through the private api to conduct manual selection】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)