# 【Apple IM pushes iMessage】

## 【Apple pushes software】Apple IOS Push Certificate How to Create CSR File
Choosing protocols to use with APNs should be based on your needs, technology stack, and development environment. Here are some tips to help you make your choice:

HTTP/2 protocol compatibility:

If your technology stack supports HTTP/2 and your development environment can easily integrate and utilize HTTP/2 libraries or frameworks, then choosing HTTP/2 is a more common and recommended choice.
HTTP/2 provides higher efficiency, performance and security, and supports multiplexing and header compression, making it suitable for large-scale push message sending.
Applicability of binary protocol:

If your development environment or technology stack does not directly support HTTP/2, or you have better understanding and control of a custom binary protocol, then choosing the binary protocol may be more appropriate.
Using binary protocols requires a certain understanding of the types and details of the protocol, and writing communication code that adapts to the protocol.


#Whether it is a background start, with this parameter, you can run in the background.

fork=true

 

#Port number The default is 27017

port=27017

 

#Specify the hoarding engine (default does not require naming)

#storageEngine=mmapv1



Including push through Apple ID (Apple ID) and push through mobile phone number. These push methods are suitable for different scenarios and needs.

Apple ID push: Apple ID push is to send push notifications to users who log in with a specific Apple ID. This method is suitable for push notifications targeting individual users, such as sending personalized messages or reminders to specific users. Apple ID push uses Apple's push service (APNs). You can push notifications to specific users by obtaining the user's device token (Device Token) in the application.

Mobile phone group control number push: Mobile phone group control number push is to send push notifications to a group of mobile phone numbers. This method is suitable for sending broadcast messages or notifications to a group of users. For mobile phone group control number push, you need to use an SMS service provider or a third-party push service provider to send push messages to a group of mobile phone numbers. You need to provide a list of mobile phone numbers or use relevant interfaces to push numbers in batches.

Please note that the implementation and technical details of these two push methods vary, depending on the development language, platform and service provider you use. Apple ID push requires the use of Apple's push services (APNs), while mobile phone group control number push may require integration with SMS service providers or push service providers.

If you wish to implement a specific push method, please refer to Apple's official documentation and developer resources to learn more about the specific implementation and technical details of the response push method.

The following interface will appear. Click the decimal point in the upper right corner of the display, repeat the operation twice, and create a development test certificate and a certificate. Develop a test certificate for actual machine debugging. The certificate is used to deliver to the AppStore. Our development test certificate is a demonstration. Select the scenario in the first red box; then, the CSR file, that is, the certificate marking request will be prompted. file, there will be a specific format, if the English is not very good, you can refer to the map; then save the CSR file to one; Note: The CSR file makes each certificate as separate as possible, because the name of the tenant is in the certificate name key; then submit the CSR file in the communication center; if submitted, a CER certificate will be generated, as shown in the figure, with a estrus period of one year; configure the published certificate using the same method, load and save, double-click to install; in In the correct login certificate, you can check the name of the private key. The name of the CSR request file; 2. The configuration of the developer certificate has been completed, let's configure the APPID and push the certificate; Select the AppID in the left column, select the "Correct" option, add a knob to the application's application, and you will see To create the buttons, namely certificate and publish certificate, the following process is the same as the certificate in 1 above, first create the certificate request file. Then, submit it. It is important to note that although you can create a push certificate directly in the certificate column on the left, it is recommended to create a push service here to avoid forgetting. Not available when push service is turned on.



After creating the certificate, you will save the download and double-click to install; #Extract tar -zxvf mongodb-osx-ssl-x86_64-3.6.5.tgz #Change command name mv mongodb-osx-x86_64-3.6.5 mongodb-3.6.5 #Add to the environment variables vim ~/.zshrc and finally add export MONGODB_HOME=/Users/liang/software/mongodb-3.6.5 export PATH=$MONGODB_HOME/bin:$PATH #Make the configuration effective source ~/.zshrc #Inspection book This mongod -version error reports: The prompt cannot be opened #System Favorite Settings-->Global and Secret-->Enable Apps that are allowed to be downloaded from the following locations: The use of "mongod" has been banned because the click from a self-identified developer is still Allow #reexecution of mongod -version



# Turn over the evidence

auth = true

The device serial number generated by Clover + any 5-digit pseudonym number is an easily accessible set of radicans.
For example, the serial number generated by your Clover is C02J8YTODNCT. For example, if your arbitrary 5-digit pseudonym is: ABCDE, then fill in the Board Serial Number: C02J8YTODNCTABCDE into the location ROM and MLB ROM in the figure below, which is the MAC address of your network card. For example, if the network card MAC is: A1-B2-C3-D4-E5-F6, then this ROM is: A1B2C3D4E5F6 MLB is your Board Serial Number. Just add the target value in Board Serial Number here. Custom UUID directly copies the SmUUID subsidy, and converts the phonograph network card mac address pseudonym part into an inscription to complete the above values. As expected, after restarting, you can enjoy Apple's iMessage and FaceTime functions normally - (void)applicationDidFinishLaunching:( NSNotification *)aNotification { kern_return_t kr; CFMutableDictionaryRef matchDict; io_iterator_t iterator; io_registry_entry_t entry; matchDict = IOServiceMatching("IOEthernetInterface"); kr = IOServiceGetMatchingServices(kIOMasterPortDefault, matchDict,

# Recommended content IMESSGAE related

When choosing an agreement, you also need to consider the following factors:

Functional requirements: Evaluate your push functional requirements, such as whether you need to support multiplexing, header compression, etc. Choose a protocol according to your needs.

Technology stack and development environment: Understand how well your technology stack and development environment support different protocols and whether there are related libraries, tools or frameworks available.

Maintenance and support: Consider your team’s technical skills and resources, as well as the cost of maintaining and supporting different protocols.

No matter which protocol you choose, you need to comply with Apple's push service specifications and security requirements to ensure that communication with APNs is safe and reliable.

Most importantly, carefully read Apple's developer documentation and guides related to push services. These documents provide detailed explanations, sample code, and best practices to help you communicate with APNs.

Hopefully these suggestions will help you make the right protocol choice for your needs! If you have any further questions, please feel free to ask.




