# 【Apple pushes iMessage source code】

## 【imessage apple push device】Bulk filtering out logs Repository Root
How to create an APNS certificate in .p12 format on Mac
March 2016.

This tutorial requires that you use a Mac computer and that you have a valid Apple developer account.

1. Log in to Apple’s Developer Member Center
Open the Safari browser, enter and open this URL in the address bar: https://developer.apple.com/membercenter/index.action, and then log in with your developer account.

Select and click on Certificates, Identifiers & Profiles. After opening, select the All subcategory above the Certificates category in the list on the left, and the following interface will appear:

 
apns-01.png
Then click the + icon in the upper right to create a new certificate (shown by the red arrow).

2. Select the certificate example, Sandbox or Productuon
Select the Apple Push Notification service SSL (Sandbox) or Apple Push Notification service SSL (Sandbox & Production) type certificate according to your needs.
Then click Inherit.
To be careful here, it is very important to choose the correct type of certificate:

A Device Token generated by an App signed with the Development Provisioning Profile can only be used in conjunction with the Sandbox APNS Server (for development environment testing).

The Device Token generated by an App signed with AdHoc Provisioning Profile or AppStore Provisioning Profile can only be used in conjunction with Production APNS Server (for production environment publishing).

remind:
Some users have reported problems when using a two-in-one push certificate (Apple Push Notification service SSL (Sandbox & Production), new) when pushing in a debug test environment.

 
apns-03.png
3.Select your corresponding App ID
Conditions: You must first create the App ID used by your App, and select your corresponding App ID in the App ID drop-down option.
Click the Continue button to continue.
 
apns-02.png
4. View the relevant step information for creating a certificate signature request
Check out information on how to create a CSR file.
Click Continue.
 
apns-04.png
This page has detailed information on how to create a CSR file step by step. Below we will create a CSR file step by step.

5. Open the keychain access program
Open the Keychain Access App of other groups in Launchpad, which is the keychain access program.

 
apns-05.png
6. Create a certificate signing request file
Click on the Keychain Access program's menu bar
Select Certificate Assistant submenu
Select Request a Certificate from a Certificate Authority... sub-submenu
 
apns-06.png
7. Fill in the certificate signing request file details
Enter your email address. For safety and insurance purposes, it is best to fill in the email address corresponding to your Apple developer account.
Then enter a frequently used title.
It is better to choose the save to disk option.
Finally click Continue.
 
apns-07.png
8. Save the certificate signing request file to disk
Select a storage location and enter a file name of your choice
Click save
 
apns-08.png
9. Complete the certificate signing request file creation
Indirect click complete
 
apns-09.png
10. Upload the correct signature request file
Continue back to the browser interface after step 4
Select Choose File... to upload
In the pop-up file open dialog box, locate the directory where the certificate signature request file was just stored, and select to open the CSR file.
Click to continue
 
apns-10.png
11. Download the certificate file
After continuing with the previous step, your certificate should have been generated.
Click the download button to download the certificate
Open the downloaded certificate file and it will usually be opened automatically using the keychain access program.
 
apns-11.png
12. Find the certificate and private key
Find the certificate you just opened and imported in the Keychain Access program
Then click the right triangle to expand the certificate and display the corresponding private key.
 
apns-12.png
13. Export private key file
Select only the private key department under the corresponding certificate
Right click on the private key section
Click the Export common names menu in the pop-up selection box
 
apns-13.png
14. Save the exported private key file
Select a storage location and enter your preferred private key file name
Format selection.p12 format
Click to save
 
apns-14.png
15. Configure optional password protection for .p12 files
If necessary, you can set a protection password for the stored .p12 file.
Then click OK, or click OK without setting a password.
 
apns-15.png
Complete merits
You now have a file in .p12 format that contains the private key for establishing SSL/TLS secure communication with Apple's APNS server.
You can upload the .p12 file to your push server and configure it for use.
