# 【Apple launches iMessage group sending software】

## 【Apple tweet】Some of the questions that often arise in Apple’s new agreement are already in use in the group push version.

iPhone "Even if the device on the system doesn't work," the analysis and solutions seem to be more than just a problem with the original iPhone. I usually like to take photos of my iPhone, so I back up my computer's hard drive for two to Three months. But it often encounters some unexplainable problems. If the IOS system is closed, it will be too troublesome, especially the new one. Currently, it is estimated that new photo and video formats have been introduced. Let me Comment to discuss my experience and ultimate solution.

I plugged in my iPhone
iPhone connects to the system on the system without playing a role
Once logged in, you will be able to copy photos. But then during the copy process "there is not even a device on the playback system" as shown below:

Then the iPhone data cable is damaged many times, and then you cannot display the icon in the explorer and cannot enter a copy of the copy. Restarted the computer, no use; finished iTunes, restarted the computer, still no use. But when I try plugging it in with another iPhone, the icon under "Portable Devices" comes up, excluding computer or cable issues, and it's fine and weird. So restarted the iPhonex, then plugged it into the computer and it was ok.

But the problem of copying photos and videos remains. It will be reminded later: even if the device on the system does not play the character. Then the copy is interrupted. I don't know how many times it has been copied. This is very troublesome. Retreating, the problem is still that it does not seem to be a single environment, the problem always exists.
Search online, find and solve many problems.

Systems after iOS11 will have this problem. Because iOS11 adds compressed format. Photos and videos are captured in the new format by default. If you're not mistaken, it's called HEVC. Because of the introduction of new formats, the size of shooting and video can be greatly reduced. When connected to a computer using a data cable, the format is automatically converted to the computer. Therefore, the exit speed is very slow. That's why the volume copied from pictures and videos will be louder.



Solution, input, camera, format, select "Compatibility", the default is efficient, select "Compatibility" videos and images do not use the new HEVC format, continue to use the old MPEG format. Exporting videos and images will not convert formats and will have the above prompts.
Or, enter "Configure Photo", see bottom and change "Automatic" to "Link to original photo". You can also prevent replication errors. Due to the change, the format will not be converted and the new format file will be copied indirectly. Once you see that, I see that your computer CPU is not giving power so the new format is decoding CPU decoding efficiency.
My method was to reverse the format in "Compatibility" and then transfer to "Reserve Original Photos" and the problem was solved!


## iMessage

[【iMessage? What is Apple Tweet?】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【iM mass deployment, what is Apple push】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【What is Apple Tweet? What is Apple Tweet?】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【Apple Group Send iMessage Apple Push】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【Apple mass-sends iMessage and Apple pushes the photo album to push the SSL certificate files of Development and Production versions APS_DEVELINMENT.CER】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【Apple iMessage family push software installation certificate opens the CSR file in the keychain】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)
[【Encryption certificate settings for strong connection between Apple iMessage family push bulk server and APNs】](https://imessageee.github.io/pic/IMEAXXX.png)