# 【iMessage group sending platform group control source code】
## 【iMessage群发平台，代发推送】 【什么是iMessage苹果推?】什么是苹果推信?什么是苹果推?


This is actually a JSON structure that shows the content of the alarm tag in the push message on the user's mobile phone. The number of badges (note that it is an integer) is the number displayed in the upper right corner, indicating how many unread readings there are, etc., The sound is the sound played by the mobile phone is the sound of the mobile phone. The transfer of Defalut will mean using the system default sound. If you pass, if "beep.wav" will play an audio file named beep.wav in the application project directory, for example, when the phone locks the screen, QQ will receive new messages in the background.
There is a situation, how to handle message to message when app is uninstalled from device. We know that when we uninstall the app from the device, we cannot receive the messages that the provider is pushing, how to let the APN and provider know that you don't want to send messages to this uninstalled device? In response to this issue, Apple is helping us resolve the feedback service. He is part of APN, and APN will continue to update the expackService list. When our provider sends our device to APNS, if the device cannot send the message to the specified application, it will report it to the APNS server. Feedback information, this information will be recorded in FeedbackService. In this way the provider should detect the exportbackService list and then remove the Device_Token present in the feedback list present in its own database so that no push information is sent. The process of connecting to the feedback service also uses sockets. After connecting, directly receive the feedback list transmitted by APNS, then disconnect after the transmission is completed, and then update your own database according to this latest feedback list. Deleting these databases Device_Token needs to be pushed. information equipment. The data structure read from the feedback server is as follows: The structure contains three parts. The first part is the timestamp, which records the time information after the device failure. The second part is the length of Device_Token. The third part is Device_Token. We must get three parts. . After comparing our database, delete the corresponding Device_Token and no longer send push information to these devices next time.
2. Configure push work
First, there must be an Apple device that doesn't support the emulator, so you'll need an iPhone, iPodTouch, or iPad.
Prepare the CSR file, use the Pushnotification function to generate AppID, configure the CSR for AppID Pushnotific, download the certificate to configure the keychain, and export the P12 file.
in
Certificate: Content is a public or private key that is a signature composed by another agent.
Right: Contains a list of application permission switches.




I know that QQ mailbox is a mail group for sending messages. In the early days, it might cost 150 yuan to send 10,000 emails to recipients of QQ mailboxes, and many people made a lot of money relying on calendar forwarding to QQ mailboxes. Of course, how to send emails to QQ mailbox, I am sharing it today, I will not teach you how to send emails.

  QQ Sun software forum network, software group mail, you can send QQ mailbox, you can choose your favorite software, if you have this QQ mailbox, how to rotate. We often see this Tencent enterprise mailbox group on some websites: "Please leave the QQ mailbox and get the XXXQQ mailbox powder content. When you enter the mailbox, can you receive a group of deleted emails? How to send an email The first mail, first of all, we need to find this page of the QQ mailing list, you can send the free version of the mail group software directly in Baidu search, you can also open the URL (self-built post office, because this cannot leave here, therefore, you can directly 163 normal mailboxes are sent to the QQ mailing list) and then log in to our four video teaching mailbox accounts of the Boer mail group.
 
  After logging in to the mailbox, we need to freely create new columns, column names and column introductions to send to you according to your needs (if you are an advertising marketing group, or other marketing content, you can edit it directly.) The latest Apple Suscitation The forum sends the mailbox by default, select your own mailbox Apple Push IMESSage SMS, and then click Finish This QQ mailbox will not receive a friend to help pop up a new page, the mouse is dropped, it is a good idea to check the new user's foreign trade company email,
 
  Then set it up with welcome email content. 139 mailbox group sends SMS reminder Key: Welcome email content, Android protocol QQ Group is our advertising content. We can write our copy by entering mailbox recipients in the email, or add our image ad and then add 163 mailboxes to save. Okay, is it very simple to batch reply in QQ mailbox? The original online owner relies on this to get money every day, and you can also give your expectations and use this business email method to log in and drain the entrance, and the effect is still very good.