# 【What is Apple IM push? What is Apple push?】iMessage push manipulation Apple Push Notification service (APNs)

## 【IM Apple launches iMessage】Apple's real machine push automatically assigns tasks, automatically assigns tasks, allowing you to target mid-to-high-end customers


iPhone "even if the device on the system doesn't work," leads to analysis and solutions that don't seem to be just problems with a copy of your iPhone. I usually like to take photos of my iPhone, so I back up my computer's hard drive two or three times months. But it often encounters some unexplainable problems. If the IOS system is turned off, it will be too troublesome, especially the new ones. Currently, it is estimated that new photo and video formats have been introduced. Let me talk about my experience and Final solution.

I plugged my iPhonex into the computer, the phone allowed access, turned on the computer, and "Portable Devices" appeared at the bottom of "Portable Devices":
iPhone connects to system on system without taking role
Once logged in, you can copy photos. But then during the copying process it "doesn't even play the device on the system" like this:

Then the iPhone data cable is harvested many times, and then you cannot show the icon in the explorer and cannot enter a copy of the copy. Restarted computer, no use; finished iTunes, restarted computer, still no use. But when I try to plug it in with another iphonese, the icon under "Portable Devices" comes out, rule out the computer or cable issue, it's ok, weird. So restart iPhonex, then plug it into computer and it's normal.

But the problem of copying photos and videos remains. It will be prompted later: even if the device on the system does not have the character playing. Then the copy breaks and I don't know how much it was copied, which is very troublesome. Withdrawal, the problem remains, it seems that it is not a single situation, the problem always exists.
Search online, many questions, findings and solutions.

Systems after iOS11 will have this problem. Because iOS11 added compression format. By default photos and videos are captured in the new format. If you're not mistaken, it's called HEVC. Because of the introduction of new formats, the size of shooting and video can be greatly reduced. When connected to the computer using a data cable, the format will be automatically converted to the computer. Therefore, exit is slow. That's why the volume copied from pictures and videos will be louder.

Solution, Input, Camera, Format, select "Compatibility", the default is efficient, select "Compatibility" Videos and images do not use the new format of HEVC, continue to use the old MPEG format. Exporting videos and pictures will not convert the format and will have the above prompts.
Alternatively, enter "Set photo", see bottom, change "Auto" to "Keep original photo". You can also avoid copy errors. Due to the change, the format will not be converted and the new format file will be copied directly. Once you see that, I see that your computer CPU is not giving power, so the new format is decoding the CPU decoding function.
My way was to change the format to "Compatibility" and then move to "Reserve Original Photos" and the problem was solved!
