# 【iMessage mass sending platform, sending push messages on behalf of others】

## 【Tweet on behalf of iMessage】Click the DevelopmentPushSSLCertificate configuration button to the right of the development version of the application under test


Apple Push Notification Service (ApplePushNotificationService), according to official information, the service is provided by Apple. The delegate contains the top of the news article, the sound and the badgeNumber proportion guide(), the application can accept the news related program in any condition (including running status, foreground and background), because in most cases, there can be only one iOS application activities, so apn interaction provides great convenience for applications.

1 & 2: This is the first time you install the application, and for the first time you need to open a pop-up dialog box to remind the application whether it is allowed, and if it is allowed, the application will be a hardware token).

There are three things to consider:

First, the token is related to the device, and the access token on the same device in different applications is the same;

Second, when the application is uninstalled and then installed, it will not appear in our confirmation dialog box and automatically inherit the previous installation information;


The purpose of the Apple Notification Center Service (ANCS) is to give Bluetooth accessories (that connect to iOS devices through a Bluetooth low-energy link) a simple and convenient way to access many kinds of notifications that are generated on iOS devices.

The ANCS is designed around three principles: simplicity, efficiency and scalability. As a result, accessories ranging from simple LEDs to powerful “companion” devices with large displays can find the service useful.

 

Dependencies
The ANCS has no dependencies, apart from the standard set of Generic Attribute Profile (GATT) sub-procedures. An accessory acting as a GATT client is free to access and use other services provided by the iOS device while using the ANCS.

 

Endianness and String Encoding
Third, it can be configured in Settings-Take care of changes. You can choose to open the animation box, badgenumber sound, and one or more.

3: The application will be sent to the server, which is the boot and news source.

4: The application server sends the message to Apple through the token and certificate message server.

5: Apple will receive a message and send it to the corresponding device in response to the application.

6: If the application is inactive (not start or background), with default settings, a message box will pop up at the top of the screen with a sound prompt. Click to change the application and you will enter a message box, such as badgenumber. Do not click on the application icon. will be presented.

2: Use steps
The use of apn is not complicated, but links that are prone to errors, especially certificate applications, are of special concern.

I followed the actual steps in the following tutorial:

Preparation:

Answer: An Xcode project, we named it MyPushChat, corresponding to the AppID.

B: A table can be used to debug iOS devices (apn can only work in the physical device simulator and cannot run)

Click "Inherit", set the "MyPushChat" file name, and click Shop. In this way, a file is called "MyPushChat. This document is CertSigningRequest" and should be kept properly.

The newly created private key CSR file is everywhere, and the specific operation is as shown in the figure below:

The exported file is named MyPushChatKey p12. Enter the password. Please remember this password. We will set it to 123456 American Broadcasting Company (ABC).

At this point, we have a file MyPushChat certSigningRequest, and MyPushChatKey.P1

Step 2:
To discover and correspond to the MyPushChat AppID AppIDs, click the "Configure" button on the right, and check the checkbox as shown:

Click the DevelopmentPushSSLCertificate configuration button on the right side of the application. The development version is in testing, is only valid for one year, can only use Apple's lead test server, and the application needs to apply for a release certificate. The development and distribution of certificate tokens is different. A pop-up box appears as follows:
MACverifiedOK

EnterPEMpassphrase:

You must enter a new password, here we set ABC at 123456

Verifying-EnterPEMpassphrase:

Next, MyPushChatKey. Pem and MyPushChatCert. Pem decomposes Pem files:

Command: catPushChatCert.pemPushChatKey. pem > ck.pem

Finally, the test of ck. pem file

First run:

Command: telnetgateway.sandbox.push.apple.com2195

If the network is normal, it will appear as shown below, press CTRL + C to stop the connection.