# 【iMessage Apple group push, IM group sending platform push, Apple push service】

## 【iMessage Apple push service】(e.g. to control a Google account), it must also include signing in with Apple

Because if a software developer provides this kind of custom account registration feature (such as controlling a Google account), it must also include signing in with Apple. In addition, the software further requires you to send emails, and Apple can generate a unique new mailbox and forward it to you, ensuring that your mailbox is not as good as actually joining a third party. If you always think that Apple's secret is nothing more than a direct sales slogan.

tar -zxvf docker-20.10.0.tgz



#Move the decompressed docker file to the /usr/bin/ directory

cp docker/* /usr/bin/



#checkdockerbook

docker version



#checkdockernews

docker info

These new features should overwhelm you. Protecting tenant privacy is one of the starting points for Banana Apple, and the overall functionality is like today's software and hardware unified, without Wi-Fi. Apple seems to care about privacy no matter what. Nothing is more important than Apple's privacy layout during the Tim Cook era.



At WWDC 2016, Apple talked about a so-called "differential privacy (differential protection)" concept. Differential privacy taxonomies are affected by the number of users, so no one can pin down a certain range of users, but it can be allowed to have a certain range of users. Data analysis of scale data analyzes group trends. Users with different goals and protected data can pay for machine learning of basic information on planets. Apple is also smart about storing user information locally rather than in the cloud. This includes information such as ground facial recognition, hand thread information, etc. This explains why the contact officer is re-imported when the phone is restored through iCloud. The built-in Safari ballast of pre-IOS is also rich in intelligent tracking technology prevention technology, so that advertisers do not know what you are looking at, and you cannot track the user's actions.



But with built-in iOS imessage and faceTime, communication content on various devices will be kept secret, even if Apple cannot transmit data inside the device for decryption. Once the iPhone is sealed, the skills will be unlocked awkwardly. But what if for some reason the government took effect and Apple unlocked this? The FBI suspected that it wanted Apple to help handle phone passwords, but Apple refused. The reason is: the iOS lock screen password system has to be opened by the user himself. The FBI can only use legal means to force Apple to unlock it. Later, the People's Court ordered Apple to add a code, which was specially designed for this phone, to unlock the iPhone.



Not only is data important, but uniformity is on the rise. It does not emphasize that in today's world, the collection, analysis and distribution of data are the fastest in epidemic areas. So why does Apple take over your privacy and take your data home with you? In addition to reflecting the barbaric small part of the store's skinny merchants, it is also related to the business situation.


Back in 2014, Apple's top examiner committed to protecting the privacy of the letter to protect "our business model is very simple: we will never sell high-quality products in browsing collections or emails." Product email content. Create files that are later sold to advertisers. We do not monetize the information stored on your iPhone or iCloud. We do not read your emails or obtain information from you. Our designed software Job service is what gets us started. Everything is simple.

npm WARN saveError ENOENT: no such file or directory, open '/Users/macbookpro/package.json'

npm notice created a lockfile as package-lock.json. You should commit this file.

npm WARN enoent ENOENT: no such file or directory, open '/Users/macbookpro/package.json'

npm WARN macbookpro No description

npm WARN macbookpro No repository field.

npm WARN macbookpro No README data

npm WARN macbookpro No license field.

"It is still direct from this section that the most important source of profit is the iPhone series, iPad series, Mac series. And any hardware product, selling data to advertisers in exchange for privacy interests does not match Apple's business model. This is a certain To the extent that the big tech companies are liberated, Apple has better privacy than the rest of the tech giants. Just rely on the advertising business model and the privacy issue won't go away. dfs.replication3dfs.namenode.name.dirfile://${hadoop.data .dir}/namedfs.datanode.data.dirfile://{hadoop.data.dir}/datadfs.namenode.checkpoint.dirfile://${hadoop.data.dir}/namecondarydfs.client.datanode-restart.timeout30sdfs .namenode.http-addresshadoop102:9870dfs.namenode.secondary.http-addresshadoop104:9868