# 【iMessage marketing system】【iMessage group sending system development】【ios push certificate】
## 【iMessage group sending system development】Select the Pushnotification function on the development tools.

One question, and I'm going to do this first, is that whether your application requires push email or not, you just follow what I'm saying and it has no impact on your application. Of course, it is also recommended that you use Apple's boost function, which has a 100% arrival rate, rather than Android being too mixed and you can't guarantee the speed of your email. Not much to say, the following is the official start: 1. Start Board -> Keyboard access!


Create your application (if already created, see step 6) click "Inherit". 6. If you already have an application, enter the identifier to find your application, click to click after entering the edit form , check the push image retention. 7. Enter the development certificate application field:!



8 The edit button will appear, as shown below: Click "Edit" to enter the following image: If you created the following image in the Trust Certificate (Development, Release) action, you will have the same image as above, and then you will go back. Click on buttons 1 and 2.

10. Create a development certificate description file to select your application, paying attention to the following errors:

11. Create a publication certificate and check the post certificate, as shown in Figure 12. Use the above four certificates, 2 description files, and the certificate file download description file to generate a p12 file. Download the graphic in the figure. Four certificates, download the certificate, double-click to enter the application "keychain" is the exported development certificate, the export operation of the three certificates is the same as the entry below, there is no screenshot description.


13. Just use the first development test development certificate and development certificate description document (no push certificate required), but please remember to select the Pushnotification function on the development tool.

14. After publishing, you just need to use the certificate and publish the certificate description file (no publishing required).

15. If you use a third-party email push service, you usually need to upload a PEM sample file.

#The performance is as follows

Apache Maven 3.2.5 (12a6b3acb947671f09b81f49094c53f426d8cea1; 2014-12-15T01:29:23+08:00)

Maven home: /Users/liang/software/apache-maven-3.2.5

Java version: 1.8.0_171, vendor: Oracle Corporation

Java home: /Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_171.jdk/Contents/Home/jre

Default locale: zh_CN, platform encoding: UTF-8

OS name: "mac os x", version: "10.16", arch: "x86_64", family: "mac"

     JavaCompile javaCompile = variant.javaCompile
     javaCompile.doLast {
         String[] args = ["-showWeaveInfo",
                          "-1.8",
                          "-inpath", javaCompile.destinationDir.toString(),
                          "-aspectpath", javaCompile.classpath.asPath,
                          "-d", javaCompile.destinationDir.toString(),
                          "-classpath", javaCompile.classpath.asPath,
                          "-bootclasspath", project.android.bootClasspath.join(File.pathSeparator)]
         log.debug "ajc args: " + Arrays.toString(args)
This file requires the use of a "Development Push Certificate" and a "Push Delivery Certificate". The operation is as follows: a. Develop and promote the promotion certificate of the P12 file, and publish the P12 file certificate, which can be placed directly on the desktop. B. Open the application "Terminal", enter CDDESKTOP, and run the command:


OpenSSLPKCS12-CLCERTS-NOKEY-OUT will generate the certificate file. PEM-I develop certificate or publish push certificate file.p12, enter the password after entering the input bus (the password entered when exporting the input P12 file), when the password is entered, the input is displayed, and after the input is completed, enter the car.