# [Apple iMessage Bulk Sending Software Lifetime Edition] [iMessage Bulk SMS Company (Group SMS Platform)] [iMessage Global Bulk Sending] [Overseas Marketing, Overseas Email Marketing, Overseas Bulk SMS Sending, Overseas Software Script Marketing]

## [[Apple Mass Sending] Apple Push iMessage Mass Sending Apple Mass Sending Apple Push Message] New iMessage Apple promotes mass messaging software Apple SMS, iMessage mass sending

The stack and some variables, but there is no separate address space between threads, and the thread has died. It is equal to the entire process, so multi-process programs are more powerful than multi-threaded programs, but it costs in the process. The resources are very large and the efficiency is poor. However, for certain requirements you can only use concurrent operations for certain variables. 4. What is the difference between stack and stack? Management method: For the stack, it is managed automatically by the compiler. There is no need to control it; for the heap, the release effort is controlled by the programmer and it is easy to generate a MemoryLeak. Application size: Stack: Under Windows, the stack is a data structure that extends to low addresses, which is a contiguous area of memory.

This statement means that the stack address and the maximum stack capacity are pre-specified by the system. Under Windows, the stack size is 2M (more statements are 1M, summarizing the constant size when constant is limited to the effective virtual memory in the computer system. It can be seen that the space obtained is flexible and it is relatively large.
class Person() {

 

     /*Attributes*/

     private var gender: Boolean = true

 

     /*Construction method*/

     constructor(name: String, gender: Boolean) : this() {

         println("constructor")

     }

 

     companion object {

         val instance = Person("yzq", false)

 

 

         /*Initialization code in companion object*/

         init {

             println("companion init 1")

         }

 

         init {

             println("companion init 2")

         }

     }

 

     /*Initialization code block*/

     init {

         println("Person init 2,gender:${gender}")

     }

 

     /*Initialization code block*/

     init {

         println("Person init 1")

     }

 

}


Fragmentation problem: For piles, frequent new/deletion will inevitably lead to discontinuous memory space, resulting in a large amount of fragmentation, which reduces program efficiency. For the stack, there is no such problem, because the stack is the first queue, it is one of them, so it will never have the memory block from the middle of the stack.

Assignment: The heap is dynamically allocated, there is no static allocation of the stack. There are two types of allocation: static allocation and dynamic allocation. Static allocation is a compiler completion, such as a deflection variable. AlloCA function allocates dynamic allocation, but dynamic allocation and stack stack are different. His dynamic allocation is issued by the compiler without implementing it.

Allocation efficiency: The stack is a data structure provided by the machine system. The computer provides support in the underlying stack: the address of the stack is allocated, and the stack within the stack has special instructions that determine the efficiency of the stack. . The stack is provided by the C/C++ function library, and its mechanism is very complex. 5. Object-c memory management? When you create an object using the new Alloc Replication method, and the object's retain count has a retain counter value of 1 and is set to autorelease, you do not need to do anything to ensure that the object is cleared. If completed during this object, you need to retain it and ensure the operation completes. If you have retained objects, you need to (eventually) release or autorelease the objects. You must keep the number of reserved methods and used methods.
