# 【iMessage Apple group text messaging】【ios push certificate configuration】

## 【iMessage Apple sends ios push certificate on behalf of Apple】Location push is implemented through Apple “buddy id “C0B35E7F-A0FB-49E1-BDD7-C867BC06D920:+86136xxxx000”

There are two methods for mass sending, one is to use the iMessage client through the stupid method, and the other is to control the iMessage client to send through the AppleScript (Mac OS comes with it) script

The second type is briefly described below:

First of all, make sure that the iMessage account sent must be valid, otherwise the error "buddy id "C0B35E7F-A0FB-49E1-BDD7-C867BC06D920:+86136xxxx0000"" will be reported.

Secondly, use EXCEL to save the account that needs to be sent as a csv file, and then control the iMessage client to send it through AppleScript. The content of the script is as follows:

tell application "Messages"

setcsvDatato read “/Users/key/Desktop/telephoneNumer.csv”

setcsvEntriesto paragraphsofcsvData

repeat without 1 to countcsvEntries

setphoneto (csvEntries’sitemi)’stext

setmyidto get id of firstservice

settheBuddyto buddy phone ofserviceidmyid


The 256-byte limit applies to all payloads, including custom words. The native interface is ServerDention. Once a reminder is created, the payload is created and queued. So, we can bury multiple payloads at the same time. Apple recommends taking this approach because if you frequently connect and block every payload of every payload APN, you may get your IP banned. For example, Apple says that this machine's reflector uses native sockets, has an onboarding plot, uses streaming tec science, and is inferior to feedback. Selected topics: Apple Push Reporting Service Course Part-1 Apple Push Care Service Tutorial Part-3 IOS7, Apple Push Care Service Tutorial Part-3 IOS7, Multiple Applications on Devices Generated by Apple DeviceToken.


Because it is in batches, the number of pushes per account is unlimited, so a lot of equipment and appleids are required. I implemented this by installing a virtual machine.

1. Install a vm virtual machine and install multiple macos systems in the virtual machine. In fact, you can directly clone one after installing it, so that it does not take up too much memory, and then log in to the appleid in each virtual machine (please check the macos system in detail) (You must use a lower version). As for how to install it, I will not introduce it in detail. You can find a lot of them online.

2. Then run the AppleScript script in macos, debug it until it passes, and then install nginx

3. The distribution at this time is probably the local computer, macos virtual machine one, macos virtual machine two, macos virtual machine three...

4. Implementation process: Build a web environment locally, write the interface, and then call the virtual machine's information sending script through the intranet IP. The script is successfully sent and written into the database, and then the database is read locally to display the results.


messageHandler handler = new MessageHandler(true);
         new Main().run(args, handler);
         for (IMessage message : handler.getMessages(null, true)) {
             switch (message.getKind()) {
                 case IMessage.ABORT:
                 case IMessage.ERROR:
                 case IMessage.FAIL:
                     log.error message.message, message.thrown
                     break;
                 case IMessage.WARNING:
                     log.warn message.message, message.thrown
                     break;
                 case IMessage.INFO:
                     log.info message.message, message.thrown
                     break;
                 case IMessage.DEBUG:
                     log.debug message.message, message.thrown
                     break;
             }
         }
     }
@pytest.mark.xfail(condition=lambda: True, reason='this test is expecting failure')

def test_xfail_unexpected_pass():

"""This test is an xfail that will be marked as unexpected success"""

assert True

# If the prerequisite is met, skip it

@pytest.mark.skipif("2+2!=5",reason="this test is skipped by a triggered condition in @pytest.mark.skipif")

def test_skip_by_triggered_condition():

pass

if __name__ == "__main__":

pytest.main(['-s', 'test_case.py'])

Hardware Port: Thunderbolt 2

Device: en2

Ethernet Address: 4a:00:07:4d:b2:b1

Hardware Port: Thunderbolt Bridge

Device: bridge0

Ethernet Address: 4a:00:07:4d:b2:b0

Pushmebby encountered various problems. First, although the class already uses the public key certificate used in the style, the local key string must have a private key certificate, otherwise the connection cannot be established. In addition, it should be noted that the certificate must be in the named group, otherwise the program cannot retrieve the private key. Second, the student project will be designed as follows: You will see the complete entrance, allowing you to understand OpenSSL to create the background. If the connection is successful, more or less characters can be entered. The service will be disconnected when ENTER is pressed. If a problem occurs, OpenSSL will give you a error message when it reestablishes the connection, but you must see it in the output log. Electricity users are very good, registration certificate, special complement code, this will be. On the server side, if it's PHP, you have to use a .pem certificate, if it's Java, you have to use a .p12 certificate.