# [Apple push message] [Latest Apple SMS push message software, Apple push message imessage mass sending equipment] [imessage mass sending platform, imessage promotion]
## [iMessage mass sending platform, imessage promotion] The latest Apple SMS push software, Apple push imessage mass sending equipment

Apple has disabled the SSL3.0 connection method on the server side due to bug reasons. Currently only TLS connections are supported.

Then connect again, this time using our SSL certificate and private key to set up a secure connection:

1. If the machine corresponding to the deviceToken is offline on the APNS server when pushing, Apple will save the push information for "a period of time." When the machine comes back online, push information to the machine. If the machine is offline for a long time, Apple will discard this message. There is no explicit description of how long this "period of time" lasts, and it is not known whether Apple has dynamically adjusted this time under different circumstances, so it is impossible to speculate on the impact of this time on information loss.

2. In the case of continuous push, for offline devices, Apple will always only store the latest message, and the previous message will be discarded.

3． When there are multiple push tasks, Apple recommends using a single connection to send continuously instead of repeatedly switching connections, otherwise it will be rejected by Apple as a D-O-S attack. If there are multiple servers, they can connect to APNS concurrently, share the push tasks, and perform tasks more efficiently.

4． When sending multiple push tasks, if one of them uses the wrong deviceToken, the connection will be disconnected, causing subsequent push tasks to stop executing. Apple regularly notifies the provider of invalid deviceToken lists through a service called "The Feedback Service". How to use this service is detailed in Apple's official documentation, which is attached below.
import uuid

mac_address = uuid.UUID(int=uuid.getnode()).hex[-12:].upper()

mac_address = '-'.join([mac_address[i:i+2] for i in range(0, 11, 2)])

print(mac_address)
The apns device token corresponding to the Development and Production versions is different. The former is obtained under the mobileprovision of develop. The latter is obtained from production's mobileprovision.

The two versions of Development and Production can share an App ID (not recommended. When sharing, you must delete the app on the device and repackage it before each debugging. And sharing the app ID will often make you crazy. It works in the morning but not in the afternoon. So Not recommended), but you cannot share a mobileprovision, so you need to generate a separate Distribution certificate for the production version.

Note: The Distribution version cannot be debugged on the device!

The code signs of the Development and Production versions are different. The former is iPhone Developer and the latter is iPhone Distribution. Be careful not to make a mistake.
function checkGit (str, logMsg) {

   if (!(

     ['error', 'failed', 'git rebase --abort', 'git rebase --continue'].every(item => str.indexOf(item) === -1)

   )) {

     fs.writeFileSync(logFile, logMsg)

     process.exit()

   }

}

Both Development Push SSLCertificate and Production Push SSL Certificate have expiration times. The Development Push SSL Certificate is valid for about four months (it seems to have been changed to one year later), while the ProductionPush SSL Certificate is valid for one year. It is necessary to pay attention to generating a new certificate before expiration to avoid affecting use. The official website can set two at the same time. When the first one is about to expire, generate the second one, then replace the server certificate, and delete the first certificate setting after the second one has been used for a week without any problems.

openssl pkcs12 -clcerts -nokeys -out apns-dev-cert.pem -in apns-dev-cert.p12

openssl pkcs12 -nocerts -out apns-dev-key.pem -in apns-dev-cert.p12

openssl rsa -in apns-dev-key.pem -out apns-dev-key-noenc.pem

cat apns-dev-cert.pem apns-dev-key-noenc.pem > apns-dev.pem

Generate Apple Push Notification SSL License on Mac:

1. Log in to the iPhone Developer Connection Portal and click App IDs

2. Create an App ID without using wildcards. Wildcard IDs cannot be used with push notification services. For example, our iPhone program ID looks like this: AB123346CD.

3. Click "Configure" next to the App ID and press the button Produce Push Notification License. Follow the steps guided by the "Wizard" to generate a signature and upload it, and finally download the generated license. This step is also covered in Apple documentation.

4. Introduce your aps_developer_identity.cer into Keychain by double-clicking the .cer file.

5. Start the Keychain Assistant on your Mac, and then select the Certificates category in the login keychain. You will see an expandable option "Apple Development Push Services"

6. Expand this option and right-click on “Apple Development Push Services” > Export “Apple Development Push Services ID123”. Save as apns-dev-cert.p12 file.

7. Expand "Apple Development Push Services" and do the same for "Private Key" and save it as apns-dev-key.p12 file.

8. These files need to be converted to PEM format through the terminal command:

openssl pkcs12 -clcerts -nokeys -out apns-dev-cert.pem -in apns-dev-cert.p12

9. Convert the pem of key:

openssl pkcs12 -nocerts -out apns-dev-key.pem -in apns-dev-cert.p12

10. If you want to remove the password, either do not set it during export/conversion or do:

openssl rsa -in apns-dev-key.pem -out apns-dev-key-noenc.pem

11. Finally, you need to combine the key and license files into the apns-dev.pem file. This file is required when connecting to APNS:

cat apns-dev-cert.pem apns-dev-key-noenc.pem > apns-dev.pem

Save this file with a name that's easy to remember and you'll probably need to use it later. The above steps also apply to generating product licenses.

How to check whether the certificate is correct:

Connected to gateway.sandbox.push-apple.com.akadns.net.

Escape character is ‘^]’

It will attempt to send a regular, unencrypted connection to the APNS service. If you see the above feedback, it means your MAC can reach APNS. Press Ctrl+C to close the connection. If you get an error message, then you need to make sure your firewall allows port 2195.