# 【iMessage mass sending system Apple SMS】

## 【iMessage Apple push notification family push】Apple text messages, iMessage group sending, Apple iMessage text messages, iMessage group sending implementation principle analysis - PC version


Apple has built-in FaceTime and iMessage applications on both mac os and ios operating systems. The perfect replacement for carrier text messages and phone calls. Moreover, FaceTime and iMessage accounts are not only bound to the Apple ID, but also to the mobile phone number using the Apple ID. Such loopholes naturally provide a backdoor for all-pervasive mass spammers.

From time to time, our iPhone users' iMessages will receive spam iMessage promotion messages from the sender. Regarding the implementation of mass sending of iMessages, the press release said that it only takes a few minutes to write a script. After research, I finally realized the fully automatic sending of iMessages on Apple computers and Windows systems.

Studying how to implement iMessage group sending starts with the XMPP protocol, because ichat on Apple MAC os is an XMPP client that can connect to the iMessage server, as well as gtalk and weibo private messages. However, it was later discovered that the server authentication of iMessage was encrypted, and there was no way for a non-ichat XMPP client to connect to the iMeesage server. Naturally, there was no way to implement program control to send messages in batches to the iMeesage server.

You can only send information to the iMeesage server through the built-in program of MAC OS or iOS. To achieve mass sending, naturally you can only find a way to call the ichat client that comes with it. On the MAC OS system, Apple provides a method called Apple script. scripts to automate tasks. It may be possible to activate the iMessage client to automatically send messages by telling application "Messages". The idea of mass sending in this way is very clear.

 
LaunchImage is about to retire*.
3.1.2 Sign in with Apple - Provide details of third-party login
If your operation uses a third-party login, you may also need to add "Sign in with Apple"
Sign In with Apple will be available for beta testing this summer. It will be required as an option for users in apps that support third-party sign-in when it is commercially available later this year.


The promise is that when the user drags the divider, it will be limited to a small part. (CGFloat)splitView:(NSSplitView *)splitView constrainMaxCoordinate:(CGFloat)proposedMaximumPosition ofSubviewAt:(NSInteger)dividerIndex; // Allows the comprador to limit the trivial landmark limit when the user drags the divider. - (CGFloat)splitView:(NSSplitView *)splitView constrainSplitPosition:(CGFloat)proposedPosition ofSubviewAt:(NSInteger)dividerIndex; // Allows the comprador to limit the divider to several positions.

interface MacBook{


Create a development-related document to filter your application, // Delegate delegate@property (nullable, weak) id delegate; - (BOOL)splitView:(NSSplitView *)splitView canCollapseSubview:(NSView *)subview; / / Whether to allow tenants to raise and expand the specified sub-section view - (void)splitView:(NSSplitView *)splitView resizeSubviewsWithOldSize:(NSSize)oldSize; // Sub-section view according to custom size -

<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>/PropertyList-1.0.dtd">

<plist version="1.0">
 

  1. The implementation of group sending of iMessages on the PC version of Apple system (Mac OS) is summarized in the following ways:
/*MacOS Apple system, under normal circumstances, can only be installed on Mac computers produced by Apple, commonly known as White Apple. It cannot be installed on various assembly machines or other brands of brand machines. The principle of Black Apple is to use some " The "crack patch" tool deceives the macOS system and makes the Apple system think that your computer is actually an Apple computer, so that it can be installed and run. */
1. Purchase an Apple laptop or Apple all-in-one machine (commonly known as a white Apple), and use the mass sending script to call the iMessages application under the Apple computer system to automatically send iMessages messages in bulk
Advantages: Only the mass sending script code is needed to achieve mass sending, without any other operations.
Disadvantages: If you send a lot, the official will block the ID or device serial number (serial number, motherboard serial number, UUID and other device serial codes). Once the device serial code is blocked, many applications under Apple computers cannot be used. The gain outweighs the loss. Solution Blocking is very troublesome (unblocking requires official unblocking by the Telecommunications Union).

2. Use a U disk larger than 16G to make the startup disk of the Mac OS system, use the U disk to install the black apple system on our Intel or AMD architecture hardware, and then use relevant tools to wash the black apple into white apple, and use the relevant After the tool injects the device string code, Apple's own applications such as FaceTime and Imessages can be used normally.
Advantages: After the black Apple system installed on a Windows-based PC hardware computer is washed into a white apple through specific tools and techniques, it has exactly the same functions as a Mac notebook or Apple all-in-one computer. The number of shipments has also been greatly increased.
Disadvantages: You need to purchase a USB flash drive and make a Mac OS boot disk, install the Apple system on Intel or AMD architecture hardware or a VMware virtual machine, and use relevant tools to inject three codes (serial number, motherboard serial number, UUID, etc. Device string code) is washed into white apples.

3. Install Vmware virtual machine under Windows, install Mac OS black Apple system under Vmware virtual machine, use specific tools and technologies to whiten Apple, and then clone and copy to open N more Apple systems like this, fully automated through scripts Realize batch sending.
Advantages: It is simple and convenient to install and deploy. You can clone and copy multiple systems in large quantities at any time. Even if the APP ID or Images are blocked and cannot be sent, the user can change the device serial code (serial number, motherboard serial number, UUID and other device serial codes) at any time. Wait to unblock and continue using Imessages
Disadvantages: The quantity sent is based on the country and region to which the ID belongs (unblocking is convenient, users can use relevant tools to generate new serial codes at any time to replace the device serial code and unblock the device)

Summary. Black Apple injects three codes to avoid account suspension and unlock iCloud, FaceTime, and iMessage
(1)What is Apple 3rd Code?
Apple's ecosystem is a complete closed loop. Each Apple hardware product has a unique serial number, motherboard serial number and UUID. They all have encoding rules corresponding to the model ID. This is very certain, so the three codes It cannot be applied randomly and must match the model ID.

(2) The three codes mainly affect the following Apple services and functions: FaceTime, iMessage, iCloud
The three codes refer to the model serial number (SerialNumber), the motherboard serial number (BoardSerialNumber), and the universal unique identification code (UUID). The generated serial number is first verified by EveryMac to verify the "invalidity" of the serial number. If EveryMac displays it as valid, and Apple The official website shows that it is invalid. If these two conditions are met at the same time, this serial number can be used by black apples. Why? Because this serial number does not exist (in line with the encoding rules), Apple saying that it is invalid may mean that it has not been registered. On the contrary, if Apple’s official website displays the correct query results, then this serial number belongs to a registered White Apple, which is strongly It is recommended not to use it, as it will most likely lead to your Apple ID being blocked.

(3) APP ID cannot activate iCloud, Imessages, FaceTime and other applications?
Well-recorded Apple ID: There is no black history in the App Store and iMessage; the longer the account is registered and used, the better; it is better if multiple Apple devices are bound to the account and there are consumption records in the App Store. With this kind of Apple ID, three-code problems and the inability to use various Apple services will basically not happen to you. Another situation corresponding to this is that a newly registered ID is not bound to any device, has no consumption records, and is not even bound to a payment method. Such an account looks like a robot account to Apple's servers. New account + blackmail Apple, basically you will be automatically blocked as soon as you log in.

 

 

2. Obtain iMessage account
/* There are two main technical difficulties that need to be overcome to send iMessages in groups, one is to obtain an iMessage account, and the other is to send iMessages in groups. */
1. Obtain iMessage account. The current method of obtaining iMessage account is mainly to scan the mobile phone number or email account. Scanning mobile phone numbers or email accounts can be done automatically through codes or through manual screening.
2. Write an AppleScript script to control the iMessage client that comes with Mac OS for verification, similar to group sending iMessage. After sending an iMessage, if an exception that fails to send is caught, it is not an iMessage account.
3. Manual screening, output the numbers to be verified into a file, separated by commas. Then paste the number in the file into the address bar of the iMessage client. The iMessage client will automatically check whether the number is an iMessage account one by one. The verification speed depends on the network speed. The red color indicates that it is not an iMessage account, and the blue color indicates an iMessage account and an unverified account. Generally, the interface can only be adjusted about 200 times, and the number of system restarts will be cleared after that.


 

3. Implementation of iMessage push technology
Note: The codes, software, systems, drawings, etc. contained in this article are for technical research. Please do not use them for illegal purposes. If you violate relevant regulations, you will be responsible for all consequences and have nothing to do with the author.