# 【IM group sending push software】

## 【IM group sending push software】Calendar push filtering protocols with APNs should be based on your needs, technology stack, and development environment


AppID mainly has the following contents: 1), ExplicitAppID: a unique AppID. This AppID is used for a unique identity application, such as com.wzc.demo, which identifies the bundleid of com.wzc.demo. 2), WildCardAppID: Wildcard AppID, used to identify a group of applications. For example, * could represent all applications and com.wzc. *You can represent all applications starting with com.wzc. When creating an AppID, we can configure the AppService used by the AppID. Each service has different requirements. For example, if you want to use ApplePushnotificationservices, it must be ExplicitAppID to uniquely identify the application. Below are the currently available optional services and corresponding configuration requirements. If your application uses any of the above services, it must be configured as necessary. 1.3, DeviceVices includes all devices that can be developed and tested in the account. Each device is uniquely identified using UDID. Number of devices per account is 100. 1.4,

#include<WiFi.h>

 

const char* id="wifi name"; //Constant definition

const char* psw="wifi password";

 

String transEncryptionType(wifi_auth_mode_t encryptionType){ //Compare the encryption type of the wifi network and return the corresponding String value

   switch(encryptionType){

       case (WIFI_AUTH_OPEN):

         return "Open";

       case (WIFI_AUTH_WEP):

         return "WEP";

       case (WIFI_AUTH_WPA_PSK):

         return "WPA_PSK";

       case (WIFI_AUTH_WPA2_PSK):

         return "WPA2_PSK";

       case (WIFI_AUTH_WPA_WPA2_PSK):

         return "WPA_WPA2_PSK";

       case (WIFI_AUTH_WPA2_ENTERPRISE):

         return "WPA2_ENTERPRISE";

       default:

         return("Unkonwn EncryptionType");

   }

}

 

void scanNetworks(){ //Scan the surrounding wifi networks, display the number of wifi, and print their attributes (ssid, signal strength, encryption method, mac location)

   int numberOfNetworks= WiFi.scanNetworks();

   Serial.print("The number of networks found is:");

   Serial.println(numberOfNetworks);

   for(int i=0;i<numberOfNetworks;i++){

     Serial.print("Networkname: ");

     Serial.println(WiFi.SSID(i));

     Serial.print("Signalstrength: ");

     Serial.println(WiFi.RSSI(i));

     Serial.print("MACaddress: ");

     Serial.println(WiFi.BSSIDstr(i));

     Serial.print("Encryptiontype: ");

     String encryptionTypeDescription = transEncryptionType(WiFi.encryptionType(i));

     Serial.println(encryptionTypeDescription);

     Serial.println("-----------------------");

   }

}

 

void connect(){ //Connect to the specified wifi

   WiFi.begin(id,psw);

    while (WiFi.status()!= WL_CONNECTED) {

     delay(1000);

     Serial.println("Trying to connect to the wifi...");

   }

   Serial.println("Connection successful!");

}

 

void setup() {

   Serial.begin(115200); //Initialization configuration, baud rate 115200

   scanNetworks(); //Scan wifi and print information

   connect(); //Connect to the specified wifi

   Serial.println(WiFi.macAddress()); //Print the mac address of esp32

   Serial.println(WiFi.localIP()); //esp32’s current local IP address

   WiFi.disconnect(true); //Disconnect future wifi network connections

   Serial.println(WiFi.localIP()); //Print the local IP address of esp32 at the moment

}

 

void loop(){

  

}


ProvisioningProfile provides all the following files: certificate, AppID and device. To package or run an application on a real machine, you need a certificate mark to identify that this application is legal, safe, and complete; then, you need to command its AppID and verify that the BundleId is the same; similarly, if you need to confirm whether the device is OK Running the program is true machine debugging. ProvisioningProfile is packaged together so that it can be used during debugging and publishing processes, and only different configuration files can be selected in different environments. In the package, the ProvisionProfile file will be embedded in the .IPA. For example, as shown below, the ProvisioningProfile developed contains new functions corresponding to AppID, available certificates and devices. To use this service package, you must have the appropriate certificates and run the application to the device contained in the application. As mentioned above, the process running on the device is as follows: Like certificates, ProvisioningProfile is also divided into development and distribution.