# 【What is Apple IM push? What is Apple push?】

## 【What is Apple IM push? What is Apple push?】iMessage push manipulation Apple Push Notification service (APNs)



The iPhone "even if the device on the system doesn't work" analysis and resolution seems to just hit the original iPhone. I usually like to take iPhone photos, so I back up my iPhone photos, so I back up my computer's hard drive. Three months. However, it often encounters some unexplainable problems. If the iOS system is closed, it will be too annoying, especially if it is new. Currently, the new photo and video format is expected to be introduced. Let me talk about my resume and ultimate solution.

I entered the computer on iPhone

iPhone connects to the system on the system without playing a role

Once logged in, you will be able to copy photos. But then "even the devices on the system" are the following:

iPhone connected to system on system without playing angle

After collecting the iPhone data cable many times, then you cannot display the icon in the explorer and you cannot enter a copy of the copy. Restarted the computer, no use; finished iTunes, restarted the computer, still no use. But when I try plugging it in with another iPhone, the icon under "Portable Devices" goes up, fixing the computer or route issue, and it's fine and weird. So restart your iPhone, then plug it into your computer and it's fine.

Both Development Push SSLCertificate and Production Push SSL Certificate are outdated. The Development Push SSL Certificate is valid for about four months (later it seems to have been changed to one year), while the ProductionPush SSL Certificate is valid for one year. Be careful to generate a new certificate before expiration to avoid affecting use. The official website can configure two at the same time. When the first one is about to expire, generate the second one, then replace the server certificate, and delete the first certificate setting after the second one has been used for a week without any problems. @property (class, readonly, strong) NSThread *currentThread;

 

+ (void)detachNewThreadWithBlock:(void (^)(void))block API_AVAILABLE(macosx(10.12), ios(10.0), watchos(3.0), tvos(10.0));

+ (void)detachNewThreadSelector:(SEL)selector toTarget:(id)target withObject:(nullable id)argument;

	

+ (BOOL)isMultiThreaded;

	

@property (readonly, retain) NSMutableDictionary *threadDictionary;

	

+ (void)sleepUntilDate:(NSDate *)date;

+ (void)sleepForTimeInterval:(NSTimeInterval)ti;

	

+ (void)exit;

	

+ (double)threadPriority;

+ (BOOL)setThreadPriority:(double)p;

	

@property double threadPriority API_AVAILABLE(macos(10.6), ios(4.0), watchos(2.0), tvos(9.0)); // To be deprecated; use qualityOfService below

	

@property NSQualityOfService qualityOfService API_AVAILABLE(macos(10.10), ios(8.0), watchos(2.0), tvos(9.0)); // read-only after the thread is started

	

@property (class, readonly, copy) NSArray<NSNumber *> *callStackReturnAddresses API_AVAILABLE(macos(10.5), ios(2.0), watchos(2.0), tvos(9.0));

@property (class, readonly, copy) NSArray<NSString *> *callStackSymbols API_AVAILABLE(macos(10.6), ios(4.0), watchos(2.0), tvos(9.0));

	

@property (nullable, copy) NSString *name API_AVAILABLE(macos(10.5), ios(2.0), watchos(2.0), tvos(9.0));

	

@property NSUInteger stackSize API_AVAILABLE(macos(10.5), ios(2.0), watchos(2.0), tvos(9.0));

	

@property (readonly) BOOL isMainThread API_AVAILABLE(macos(10.5), ios(2.0), watchos(2.0), tvos(9.0));

@property (class, readonly) BOOL isMainThread API_AVAILABLE(macos(10.5), ios(2.0), watchos(2.0), tvos(9.0)); // reports whether current thread is main

@property (class, readonly, strong) NSThread *mainThread API_AVAILABLE(macos(10.5), ios(2.0), watchos(2.0), tvos(9.0));

	

- (instancetype)init API_AVAILABLE(macos(10.5), ios(2.0), watchos(2.0), tvos(9.0)) NS_DESIGNATED_INITIALIZER;

- (instancetype)initWithTarget:(id)target selector:(SEL)selector object:(nullable id)argument API_AVAILABLE(macos(10.5), ios(2.0), watchos(2.0), tvos(9.0));

- (instancetype)initWithBlock:(void (^)(void))block API_AVAILABLE(macosx(10.12), ios(10.0), watchos(3.0), tvos(10.0));

	

@property (readonly, getter=isExecuting) BOOL executing API_AVAILABLE(macos(10.5), ios(2.0), watchos(2.0), tvos(9.0));

@property (readonly, getter=isFinished) BOOL finished API_AVAILABLE(macos(10.5), ios(2.0), watchos(2.0), tvos(9.0));

@property (readonly, getter=isCancelled) BOOL canceled API_AVAILABLE(macos(10.5), ios(2.0), watchos(2.0), tvos(9.0));

	

- (void)cancel API_AVAILABLE(macos(10.5), ios(2.0), watchos(2.0), tvos(9.0));

	

- (void)start API_AVAILABLE(macos(10.5), ios(2.0), watchos(2.0), tvos(9.0));

	

- (void)main API_AVAILABLE(macos(10.5), ios(2.0), watchos(2.0), tvos(9.0)); // thread body method

Copyright statement: This article is an original article by CSDN blogger "IMESX" and complies with the CC 4.0 BY-SA copyright agreement. Please attach a link to the original source and this statement when reprinting.

Original link: But the problem of copying photos and videos still exists. Later, a reminder will appear: even the devices on the system do not play the character. Then the copy was interrupted, I don't know how many times it was copied, which was very troublesome. Retreating, the problem is still that it does not seem to be a single environment, the problem always exists. Search online, many problems, inventions and solutions

Systems after iS11 will have this problem. Because iOS11 adds compressed format. Photos and videos are captured in the new format by default. If you're not mistaken, it's called HEVC. Thanks to the new format, the volume of shots and videos can be significantly reduced. When using a data cable to a computer, the format is automatically converted to the computer. Therefore, the exit speed is very slow. That's why copies will be made from image and video volumes.

Solution, Input, Camera, Format, select "Compatibility", the default value is Efficient, select compatibility videos and images without using the new format, inherit the old MPEG format. Exporting videos and images will not convert formats and will have the above prompts.

Or, enter "Set Photos", see bottom and change "Automatic" to "Link to original photo". You can also avoid copy errors. Due to the change, the format will not be converted and the new format file will be copied indirectly. Once you see that, I see that your computer CPU is not giving power so the new format is decoding CPU decoding efficiency.

My approach was to change "Compatibility" with the format and then move to "Saving Original Photos", which solved the problem.