# 【Apple pushes mass iMessage push】Software installation [iMessage mass sending] [Apple iMessage text message] [iMessage mass sending implementation principle analysis]

## [iMessage push protocol script group control Apple host real machine] [iMessage mass sending platform, send push on behalf of others]

iMessage promotion technology that strives to become a medium-sized iMessage first needs to overcome two technical problems, one is to obtain an iMessage account, and the other is to obtain a large-scale iMessage. The easiest way to get an iMessage account is to look for a wireless phone number. Scanning mobile phone numbers can be automatically scanned through complement code or manually filtered. I'm still not looking for a good way to pass automatic code scanning. I suggest you start with the following two directions:
#!/bin/bash

middle=`sed -n '3p' /Users/fl/index.html | awk -F '\"' '{print $6}' | awk -F '\&' '{print $1}' | awk -F ' _' '{print $1"_"$2}'`

currentDate=`date "+%Y_%m_%d"`

rm -rf /Users/$(whoami)/Pictures/Bing/$currentDate.jpg


osascript -e "tell application \"Finder\" to set desktop picture to POSIX file \"/Users/fl/Pictures/Bing/$currentDate.jpg\""

rm -rf /Users/fl/index.html

1. Create an AppleScript script to control the iMessage client included with MacOS for verification, similar to configuring iMessage. After disabling iMessage, if you catch an exception that it is not being sent, then it has accessed the iMessage account.

2. Research private APIs in the Messageframework of the iOS system. Authentication via the public API requires manual filtering, or via the iMessage client included with MacOS. The method is to write a program to export the numbers to be verified into the document and separate them with commas. Afterwards, append the number in the file to the address bar of the iMessage client, and the iMessage client will automatically check whether the number is an iMessage account. Check rate depends on internet speed. Among them, red means not an iMessage account, and blue means iMessage accounts and unselected accounts. In the first part, the first step is of course to introduce Banana Apple’s push system (APNS) (
MacBook-Pro:docker gaoxinfu$ pwd

/Users/gaoxinfu/docker

MacBook-Pro:docker gaoxinfu$ makdir centos/7

MacBook-Pro: docker gaoxinfu$ ll

total 24

drwxr-xr-x 5 gaoxinfu staff 160 11 8 15:24 ./

drwxr-xr-x@ 66 gaoxinfu staff 2112 11 12 13:55 ../

drwxr-xr-x 4 gaoxinfu staff 128 11 8 15:26 centos7/

MacBook-Pro: docker gaoxinfu$

MacBook-Pro:docker gaoxinfu$ cd centos7/

MacBook-Pro:centos7 gaoxinfu$ pwd

/Users/gaoxinfu/docker/centos7

MacBook-Pro:centos7 gaoxinfu$

ps: In fact, every course has it), let’s first look at a summary of Apple’s explanation of its push. Providers are accelerators that send push messages to your mobile apps, while APNS (ApplePushNotificationService) is the Apple push message server
(yjy37) takekensakai@Starrys-MacBook-Pro Desktop % cd ~

(yjy37) takekensakai@Starrys-MacBook-Pro ~ % mkdir temp

(yjy37) takekensakai@Starrys-MacBook-Pro ~ % mkdir temp/stuff

(yjy37) takekensakai@Starrys-MacBook-Pro ~ % mkdir temp/stuff/things

(yjy37) takekensakai@Starrys-MacBook-Pro ~ % mkdir -p temp/stuff/things/orange/apple

When your local server needs to send a message to the app, it first sends the message to the Apple Push server, and then the Apple Push server sends the message to the phone where the app is installed. Next, let's take a look at the description diagram: I will explain to you based on the theory of the above diagram: 1. Your IOS application needs to register the APNS message push function. 2. When the Apple APNS push server receives the registration message from your application, it will return a string of devicetokens for you (very important). 3. Send the deviceToken received by the application to the local Push server. 4. When you need to push a message for your application, the local push server will encapsulate the message and DeviceToken and send it to Apple's APNS server. 5. APNS will push the message to the target iPhone