# 【iMessage risk control, Apple bulk iMessage delivery】


## 【iMessage Apple push letter delivery】Install a vm virtual machine and install multiple macos systems in the virtual machine

I. Apple Apple 1, Company Group Account (Company/Organization): This fee is $99, similar to studios such as Mamshareinc, Company Account, allows a variety of developers such as Mamshareinc, Company Account to collaborate on development, many configurations For some developer accounts, you can set multiple AppleIds, which are divided into four management levels. Please refer to detailed deletion. 100 Apple iOS device UDID tests. But when the application needs to fill in the company's Dun Bai Bai code (D-U-N-S). 2. Business account (enterprise) is US$299 per year. Account-developed applications cannot be released to the AppStore, only external applications, and Apple's IOS device UDID number is not restricted. Business accounts are valid for unopened app stores, but the limit is 1,000 iOS devices within the company. The company's testing department requires the company's test equipment to break the 100 UDID limit. 2. Certificate/Push Certificate Note 1. Concept Introduction 1.1 Certificate Certificate is used to sign the application. Only the signed application can guarantee that its source is trustworthy, the code is complete and there is no modification. In the XcodebuildStenting code index you can set up a certificate for code signing. Certificates are mainly divided into two categories: development and production. Development certificates are used to develop and debug applications, and are mainly used to distribute applications (according to category species). The following is the classification information: (1 in the certificate brackets 1),

(void)removeAllNotification { if (@available(iOS 10.0, *)) { UNUserNotificationCenter *center = [UNUserNotificationCenter currentNotificationCenter]; [center removeAllPendingNotificationRequests]; }else { [[UIApplication sharedApplication] cancelAllLocalNotifications]; } } Check authorization environment - (void )checkUserNotificationEnable { // Determine whether the user is allowed to receive care if (@available(iOS 10.0, *)) { __block BOOL isOn = NO; UNUserNotificationCenter *center = [UNUserNotificationCenter currentNotificationCenter]; [center getNotificationSettingsWithCompletionHandler:^(UNNotificationSettings * _Nonnull settings ) { if (settings.notificationCenterSetting == UNNotificationSettingEnabled) { isOn = YES; NSLog(@"Notification is turned on"); }else { isOn = NO; NSLog(@"Notification is turned off");




  [self showAlertView]; } }]; }else { if ([[UIApplication sharedApplication] currentUserNotificationSettings].types == UIUserNotificationTypeNone){ NSLog(@"Notification blocked"); [self showAlertView]; }else { NSLog(@" Notification turned on"); } } } - (void)showAlertView { UIAlertController *alert = [UIAlertController alertControllerWithTitle:@"Notification" message:@"Not obtained notification rights, please go to set up" preferredStyle:UIAlertControllerStyleAlert]; [alert addAction: [UIAlertAction actionWithTitle:@"undo" style:UIAlertActionStyleCancel handler:nil]]; [alert addAction:[UIAlertAction actionWithTitle:@"configuration" style:UIAlertActionStyleDefault handler:^(UIAlertAction * _Nonnull action) { [self goToAppSystemSetting]; }]] ; [self presentViewController:alert animated:YES completion:nil]; } // If the user turns off the notification reception function, this method can jump to the APP settings page for modification - (void)goToAppSystemSetting { dispatch_async(dispatch_get_main_queue(), ^{ UIApplication *application = [UIApplication sharedApplication]; NSURL *url = [NSURL URLWithString:UIApplicationOpenSettingsURLString]; if ([application canOpenURL:url]) { if (@available(iOS 10.0, *))



DevelopAppDevelopment (1 year): For developing and really dull debugging applications. Pushdevelopment (1 year): for debugging ApplePushNotification2, ProductAdhoc: for publishing ADHOC applications. appstore: Used to publish submitted applications to the appstore. Thrust (1 year): For using ApplePushNotification 1.2 in release builds, the AppidAppid should be identical or match the BundleId in Xcode.

AppID mainly has the following contents: 1), ExplicitAppID: a unique AppID. This AppID is used for a unique identity application, such as com.wzc.demo, which identifies the bundleid of com.wzc.demo. 2), WildCardAppID: Wildcard AppID, used to identify a group of applications. For example, * can represent all applications and com.wzc. *You can represent all applications starting with com.wzc. When creating an AppID, we can set the AppService used by the AppID. Each service has different requirements. For example, if you want to use Apple Push notification services, it must be ExplicitAppID to uniquely identify the application. The following are currently available optional services and corresponding configuration requirements. If your application uses any of the above services, it must be configured as needed. 1.3, DeviceVices includes all devices that can be developed and tested in the account. Each device is uniquely identified using UDID. Number of devices per account is 100. 1.4,


ProvisioningProfile provides all the following files: certificate, AppID and device. To package or run an application on a real machine, you need a certificate mark to identify that this application is legal, safe, and complete; then, you need to command its AppID and verify that the BundleId is consistent; similarly, if you need to confirm whether the device is OK Running the program is real machine debugging. ProvisioningProfile is packaged together so that you can use it in both debugging and release processes by selecting different provisioning profiles in different environments. In the package, the ProvisionProfile file will be embedded in the .IPA. For example, as shown below, the ProvisioningProfile developed contains new functions corresponding to AppID, available certificates and devices. To use this service package, you must have the appropriate certificates and run the application to the device contained in the application. As mentioned above, the process running on the device is as follows: Like certificates, ProvisioningProfile is also divided into development and distribution.