# 【iMessage Apple push notification family push】

## 【iMessage Apple push notification family push】The Apple script code for implementing iMessage group sending through location push is as follows: tell application “Messages” set csvDatator

#define IS_IPHONE (UI_USER_INTERFACE_IDIOM() == UIUserInterfaceIdiomPhone)

 
There are two ways to send mass messages, one is to use the iMessage client in a stupid way, and the other is to control the iMessage client to send via AppleScript (included with Mac OS) script.

The second type is briefly described above:

First of all, make sure the iMessage account sent must be valid, otherwise the error "buddy id "C0B35E7F-A0FB-49E1-BDD7-C867BC06D920:+86136xxxx0000"" will be reported.

Secondly, use EXCEL to save the account that needs to be sent as a csv file, and then control the iMessage client to send it through AppleScript. The content of the script is as follows:

tell application "Messages"

setcsvDatato read “/Users/key/Desktop/telephoneNumer.csv”

setcsvEntriesto paragraphsofcsvData

repeat without 1 to countcsvEntries

setphoneto (csvEntries’sitemi)’stext

setmyidto get id of firstservice

settheBuddyto buddy phone ofserviceidmyid

send "It will be sunny in Zhuhai today, with a temperature of 13 to 27 degrees; it will be sunny on Tuesday, with a temperature of 11 to 26 degrees, and a winter wind of level 3-4; it will be sunny on Wednesday, with a temperature of 11 to 24 degrees, with a light wind < level 3" to theBuddy

end repeat

end tell

Because sending iMessage is sent on the client, not in the background, when the amount of information is large, it will cause the iMessage client to run slowly or even fail to open. You can log in again by clearing the sent iMessage or logging out of the account.

Introduction to group realization ideas
Many of them are fragments and can only be sent, but there is no overall project-level solution. But the following solutions can be achieved!
wx.getSystemInfo({

   success: function(res) {

     // Match according to mobile phone model

     if (res.model.search('iPhone X') != -1

     || res.model.search('iPhone Max') != -1

     || res.model.search('iPhone 11') != -1

     || res.model.search('iPhone 12') != -1) {

       console.log('is full screen')

     }

   }

})


1. Install a vm virtual machine, and install multiple macos systems in the virtual machine. In fact, you can directly clone one after installing another, so it will not take up too much memory, and then log in to the appleid in each virtual machine (pay attention to the version of macos You need to use a lower version). As for how to install it, I will not introduce it in detail. You can find a lot of them online.

2. Then run the AppleScript script in macos, debug it until it passes, and then install nginx

3. The distribution at this time is probably the local computer, macos virtual machine one, macos virtual machine two, macos virtual machine three...

4. Implementation process: Build a web environment locally, write the interface, and then call the virtual machine's message sending script through the intranet IP. The script is successfully sent and written into the database, and then the database is read locally to display the results.
 

     #define __kScreenHeight ([[UIScreen mainScreen]bounds].size.height)

     #define __kScreenWidth ([[UIScreen mainScreen]bounds].size.width)

     #define SCREEN_MAX_LENGTH (MAX(__kScreenWidth, __kScreenHeight))

     #define SCREEN_MIN_LENGTH (MIN(__kScreenWidth, __kScreenHeight))

 

     #define IS_IPHONE_4_OR_LESS (IS_IPHONE && SCREEN_MAX_LENGTH < 568.0)

     #define IS_IPHONE_5 (IS_IPHONE && SCREEN_MAX_LENGTH == 568.0)

     #define IS_IPHONE_6_7 (IS_IPHONE && SCREEN_MAX_LENGTH == 667.0)

     #define IS_IPHONE_6P_7P (IS_IPHONE && SCREEN_MAX_LENGTH == 736.0)